fix(config/inherit): resolve presets (#31642)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-overview.md

For information on how the Mend Renovate App supports Inherited config, see the dedicated "Mend Renovate App Config" section toward the end of this page.

#### Presets handling

> If presets are present in the inherited config, they will be resolved and added to the inherited config prior to being merged on top of global config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the inherited config has presets, then Renovate:

1. Resolves the presets
1. Adds the resolved presets to the inherited config
1. Merges the presets on top of the global config
```

A numbered list of steps is easier than a long complicated sentence. Please check if this is technically accurate. 😉

> Using `ignorePresets` in your repository config to ignore certain presets will not affect presets present in the inherited config, as inherited config is resolved before repository config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `ignorePresets` in your repository config to ignore certain presets will _not_ affect presets present in the inherited config.
This is because inherited config is resolved _before_ the repository config.
```

This is a difficult sentence. Let's start by splitting it into two smaller parts, and emphasizing the key points.

What are you trying to explain here? I think it is something like this?

> You can _not_ ignore inherited presets with `ignorePresets`, because inherited presets are resolved _before_ the repository config.

For information on how the Mend Renovate App supports Inherited config, see the dedicated "Mend Renovate App Config" section toward the end of this page.

#### Presets handling

If the inherited config has presets, then Renovate:

1. Resolves the presets
1. Adds the resolved presets to the inherited config
1. Merges the presets on top of the global config

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### You can not ignore presets from inherited config
```

I think a sub-heading helps separate the "steps that Renovate does" from the explanation why you can not ignore inherited presets.

> ##### You can not ignore presets from inherited config

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### You can not ignore presets from inherited config
```

> Using `ignorePresets` in your repository config to ignore certain presets will _not_ affect presets present in the inherited config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can _not_ use `ignorePresets` in your repository config to ignore presets _within_ inherited config.
```

The current sentence is still hard to understand.

I think my suggestion is better. Please check for technical accuracy before applying! :wink:

For information on how the Mend Renovate App supports Inherited config, see the dedicated "Mend Renovate App Config" section toward the end of this page.

#### Presets handling

> If the inherited config has presets, then Renovate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the inherited config contains `extends` presets, then Renovate will:
```

> 1. Resolves the presets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Resolve the presets
```

> 1. Adds the resolved presets to the inherited config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the resolved preset config to the beginning of the inherited config
```

Maybe this is better. If we go with `@rarkins`'s suggestion, we should keep the `the` word. :wink:

> 1. Merges the presets on top of the global config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Merge the presets on top of the global config
```
